bastion/README.md, before:

# DigitalOcean Floating Droplet module

This module povisions a DigitalOcean droplet.

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13.0 |
| <a name="requirement_digitalocean"></a> [digitalocean](#requirement\_digitalocean) | >= 1.22.2 |
| <a name="requirement_local"></a> [local](#requirement\_local) | >= 1.4.0 |
| <a name="requirement_template"></a> [template](#requirement\_template) | >= 2.1.2 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_digitalocean"></a> [digitalocean](#provider\_digitalocean) | >= 1.22.2 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [digitalocean_droplet.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/digitalocean/digitalocean/latest/docs/resources/droplet) | resource |
| [digitalocean_firewall.bastion](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/digitalocean/digitalocean/latest/docs/resources/firewall) | resource |
| [digitalocean_floating_ip_assignment.floating_ip](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/digitalocean/digitalocean/latest/docs/resources/floating_ip_assignment) | resource |
| [digitalocean_project_resources.project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/digitalocean/digitalocean/latest/docs/resources/project_resources) | resource |
| [digitalocean_ssh_key.ssh_keys](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/digitalocean/digitalocean/latest/docs/data-sources/ssh_key) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_digitalocean_token"></a> [digitalocean\_token](#input\_digitalocean\_token) | Digital Ocean token | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_floating_ip"></a> [floating\_ip](#input\_floating\_ip) | Floating IP address(if available) to assign to the droplet | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_image"></a> [image](#input\_image) | The droplet image ID or slug. | `string` | `"ubuntu-20-04-x64"` | no |
| <a name="input_ipv6"></a> [ipv6](#input\_ipv6) | Enable ipv6 on droplet | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_monitoring"></a> [monitoring](#input\_monitoring) | Enable monitoring on droplet | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The droplet name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_packages"></a> [packages](#input\_packages) | Packages to install on the droplet. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_project_id"></a> [project\_id](#input\_project\_id) | The ID of the project to which the droplet is assigned | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The region to start in. | `string` | `"sgp1"` | no |
| <a name="input_size"></a> [size](#input\_size) | Size of the droplet | `string` | `"s-1vcpu-2gb"` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_keys"></a> [ssh\_keys](#input\_ssh\_keys) | A list of SSH key names to enable on droplet | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A list of tags to apply on droplet | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_user_data"></a> [user\_data](#input\_user\_data) | Relative path to user-data template file | `string` | `"./templates/cloud-config.tmpl"` | no |
| <a name="input_user_groups"></a> [user\_groups](#input\_user\_groups) | List of groups to assign to user | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "sudo"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_username"></a> [username](#input\_username) | Username of the user to be created on the droplet | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | The ID of the VPC where the droplet will be located. | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_disk"></a> [disk](#output\_disk) | The size of the droplet's disk in GB |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | The ID of the droplet |
| <a name="output_image"></a> [image](#output\_image) | The image of the droplet |
| <a name="output_ipv4_address"></a> [ipv4\_address](#output\_ipv4\_address) | The IPv4 address of the droplet |
| <a name="output_ipv4_address_private"></a> [ipv4\_address\_private](#output\_ipv4\_address\_private) | The private networking IPv4 address of the droplet |
| <a name="output_ipv6"></a> [ipv6](#output\_ipv6) | Is IPv6 enabled |
| <a name="output_ipv6_address"></a> [ipv6\_address](#output\_ipv6\_address) | The IPv6 address of the droplet |
| <a name="output_locked"></a> [locked](#output\_locked) | is the droplet locked |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | The name of the droplet |
| <a name="output_price_hourly"></a> [price\_hourly](#output\_price\_hourly) | Droplet hourly price |
| <a name="output_price_monthly"></a> [price\_monthly](#output\_price\_monthly) | Droplet monthly price |
| <a name="output_size"></a> [size](#output\_size) | The droplet size |
| <a name="output_status"></a> [status](#output\_status) | The status of the droplet |
| <a name="output_tags"></a> [tags](#output\_tags) | The tags associated with the Droplet |
| <a name="output_vcpus"></a> [vcpus](#output\_vcpus) | The number of the droplet's virtual CPUs |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

feat(droplet): add support for generating an ansible vars file to store the droplet's private ip

bastion/README.md, after:

# DigitalOcean Floating Droplet module

This module povisions a DigitalOcean droplet.

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13.0 |
| <a name="requirement_digitalocean"></a> [digitalocean](#requirement\_digitalocean) | >= 1.22.2 |
| <a name="requirement_local"></a> [local](#requirement\_local) | >= 1.4.0 |
| <a name="requirement_template"></a> [template](#requirement\_template) | >= 2.1.2 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_digitalocean"></a> [digitalocean](#provider\_digitalocean) | 2.12.0 |
| <a name="provider_local"></a> [local](#provider\_local) | 2.1.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [digitalocean_droplet.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/digitalocean/digitalocean/latest/docs/resources/droplet) | resource |
| [digitalocean_firewall.bastion](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/digitalocean/digitalocean/latest/docs/resources/firewall) | resource |
| [digitalocean_floating_ip_assignment.floating_ip](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/digitalocean/digitalocean/latest/docs/resources/floating_ip_assignment) | resource |
| [digitalocean_project_resources.project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/digitalocean/digitalocean/latest/docs/resources/project_resources) | resource |
| [local_file.ssh_config](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/local/latest/docs/resources/file) | resource |
| [digitalocean_ssh_key.ssh_keys](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/digitalocean/digitalocean/latest/docs/data-sources/ssh_key) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_digitalocean_token"></a> [digitalocean\_token](#input\_digitalocean\_token) | Digital Ocean token | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_floating_ip"></a> [floating\_ip](#input\_floating\_ip) | Floating IP address(if available) to assign to the droplet | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_image"></a> [image](#input\_image) | The droplet image ID or slug. | `string` | `"ubuntu-20-04-x64"` | no |
| <a name="input_ipv6"></a> [ipv6](#input\_ipv6) | Enable ipv6 on droplet | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_monitoring"></a> [monitoring](#input\_monitoring) | Enable monitoring on droplet | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The droplet name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_packages"></a> [packages](#input\_packages) | Packages to install on the droplet. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_project_id"></a> [project\_id](#input\_project\_id) | The ID of the project to which the droplet is assigned | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The region to start in. | `string` | `"sgp1"` | no |
| <a name="input_size"></a> [size](#input\_size) | Size of the droplet | `string` | `"s-1vcpu-2gb"` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_key_names"></a> [ssh\_key\_names](#input\_ssh\_key\_names) | A list of SSH key names to enable on droplet. These are the names of SSH keys registered in DigitalOcean. | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ssh_keys"></a> [ssh\_keys](#input\_ssh\_keys) | A list of SSH keys to enable on droplet | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A list of tags to apply on droplet | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_user_data"></a> [user\_data](#input\_user\_data) | Relative path to user-data template file | `string` | `"./templates/cloud-config.tmpl"` | no |
| <a name="input_user_groups"></a> [user\_groups](#input\_user\_groups) | List of groups to assign to user | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "sudo"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_username"></a> [username](#input\_username) | Username of the user to be created on the droplet | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | The ID of the VPC where the droplet will be located. | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_disk"></a> [disk](#output\_disk) | The size of the droplet's disk in GB |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | The ID of the droplet |
| <a name="output_image"></a> [image](#output\_image) | The image of the droplet |
| <a name="output_ipv4_address"></a> [ipv4\_address](#output\_ipv4\_address) | The IPv4 address of the droplet |
| <a name="output_ipv4_address_private"></a> [ipv4\_address\_private](#output\_ipv4\_address\_private) | The private networking IPv4 address of the droplet |
| <a name="output_ipv6"></a> [ipv6](#output\_ipv6) | Is IPv6 enabled |
| <a name="output_ipv6_address"></a> [ipv6\_address](#output\_ipv6\_address) | The IPv6 address of the droplet |
| <a name="output_locked"></a> [locked](#output\_locked) | is the droplet locked |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | The name of the droplet |
| <a name="output_price_hourly"></a> [price\_hourly](#output\_price\_hourly) | Droplet hourly price |
| <a name="output_price_monthly"></a> [price\_monthly](#output\_price\_monthly) | Droplet monthly price |
| <a name="output_size"></a> [size](#output\_size) | The droplet size |
| <a name="output_status"></a> [status](#output\_status) | The status of the droplet |
| <a name="output_tags"></a> [tags](#output\_tags) | The tags associated with the Droplet |
| <a name="output_vcpus"></a> [vcpus](#output\_vcpus) | The number of the droplet's virtual CPUs |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
